feat: update agent builder main page to be non-technical friendly (#1699)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/agent-builder.mdx

Agent Builder is in Beta.
</Callout>

Agent Builder helps you create agents that can handle real-world tasks. Simply describe what you want your agent to do in plain English, and Agent Builder takes care of the rest. No need to write code or define rigid workflows.

## Tools

Tools let your agents interact with your apps and services. Your agents can send emails, create calendar events, post messages, search the web, and more. Choose from built-in tools for Gmail, Slack, Google Calendar, GitHub, and many others.

See [Supported tools](/langsmith/agent-builder-tools) for a complete list.

## Triggers

> Set up your agent to start automatically when something happens. Connect it to your favorite apps or schedule it to run at specific times.

Reviewer: I'm not sure that this paragraph needed to change for non-technical users to understand. 

"Set up your agent to respond automatically to _triggers_. Connect your agent to external [tools](#tools) or time-based scheduled that define when it should run."

Author: changed back

- **Memory**: Agents remember relevant details from past interactions, so they can make better decisions in future conversations.
- **Self-updates**: Agents can add new tools, remove ones they don't need, or adjust their instructions to improve how they work.
- **What stays the same**: Agents can't change their name, description, or the triggers that start them.

## Sub-agents

Build complex agents by breaking big tasks into smaller, specialized helpers. Think of sub-agents as a team of specialists—each one handles a specific part of the job while working together with your main agent.

This approach makes it easier to build sophisticated systems. Instead of one agent trying to do everything, you can have specialized helpers that each excel at their part of the task.

Here are some ways you might use sub-agents:

- **Divide and conquer**: Have one agent fetch data, another summarize it, and a third format the results.
- **Specialized tools**: Give different agents access to different tools based on what they need to do.
- **Independent work**: Let sub-agents work on their own, then bring their results back to the main agent.

## Human in the loop

> Stay in control of important decisions. You can set up your agent to pause and ask for your approval before taking certain actions. This gives you peace of mind while still letting your agent do most of the work automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stay in control of important decisions. You can set up your agent to pause and ask for your approval before taking certain actions. This ensures your agent handles most tasks automatically, while you retain oversight.
```
